README.rst, before:

#################################
JumpSuite Articles for django CMS
#################################

|PyPI Version| |Build Status| |Coverage Status| |codeclimate| |requires_io|

JumpSuite Articles is an `Aldryn <http://aldryn.com>`_-compatible news and
weblog application for `django CMS <http://django-cms.org>`_.

**Content editors** looking for documentation on how to use the editing
interface should refer to our `user manual`_ section.

**Django developers** who want to learn more about django CMS, as well as
how to install, configure and customize it for their own projects should
refer to the `documentation`_ sections.

JumpSuite Articles is intended to serve as a model of good practice for
development of django CMS and Aldryn applications.

.. _user manual: http://aldryn-newsblog.readthedocs.io/en/latest/


======================
Installation & Updates
======================

Please head over to our `documentation`_ for all the details on how to install,
configure and use JumpSuite Articles.

You can also find instructions on `how to upgrade`_ from earlier versions.

.. _documentation: http://aldryn-newsblog.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _how to upgrade: http://aldryn-newsblog.readthedocs.io/en/latest/upgrade.html


============
Contributing
============

This is a community project. We love to get any feedback in the form of
`issues`_ and `pull requests`_. Before submitting your pull request, please
review our guidelines for `Aldryn addons`_.

.. _issues: https://github.com/aldryn/aldryn-newsblog/issues
.. _pull requests: https://github.com/aldryn/aldryn-newsblog/pulls
.. _Aldryn addons: http://docs.aldryn.com/en/latest/reference/addons/index.html


.. |PyPI Version| image:: http://img.shields.io/pypi/v/aldryn-newsblog.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/aldryn-newsblog
.. |Build Status| image:: http://img.shields.io/travis/aldryn/aldryn-newsblog/master.svg
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/aldryn/aldryn-newsblog
.. |Coverage Status| image:: http://img.shields.io/coveralls/aldryn/aldryn-newsblog/master.svg
   :target: https://coveralls.io/r/aldryn/aldryn-newsblog?branch=master
.. |codeclimate| image:: https://codeclimate.com/github/aldryn/aldryn-newsblog/badges/gpa.svg
   :target: https://codeclimate.com/github/aldryn/aldryn-newsblog
   :alt: Code Climate
.. |requires_io| image:: https://requires.io/github/aldryn/aldryn-newsblog/requirements.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://requires.io/github/aldryn/aldryn-newsblog/requirements/?branch=master
   :alt: Requirements Status

Commit message:

GAT01-88  >  Related Articles Plugin  >  AppHook Integration ("See All" button) (Plugin + Templates)

README.rst, after:

#################################
JumpSuite Articles for django CMS
#################################

|PyPI Version| |Build Status| |Coverage Status| |codeclimate| |requires_io|

JumpSuite Articles is an `Aldryn <http://aldryn.com>`_-compatible news and
weblog application for `django CMS <http://django-cms.org>`_.

**Content editors** looking for documentation on how to use the editing
interface should refer to our `user manual`_ section.

**Django developers** who want to learn more about django CMS, as well as
how to install, configure and customize it for their own projects should
refer to the `documentation`_ sections.

JumpSuite Articles is intended to serve as a model of good practice for
development of django CMS and Aldryn applications.

.. _user manual: http://aldryn-newsblog.readthedocs.io/en/latest/


======================
Installation & Updates
======================

Please head over to our `documentation`_ for all the details on how to install,
configure and use JumpSuite Articles.

You can also find instructions on `how to upgrade`_ from earlier versions.

.. _documentation: http://aldryn-newsblog.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _how to upgrade: http://aldryn-newsblog.readthedocs.io/en/latest/upgrade.html



========================
Related Articles Apphook
========================

The Related Articles Apphook page features a full directory of the site's articles, along
with filters on the right-side for type, category, and author.

The Related Articles Apphook works in tandem with the Related Articles Plugin.
The plugin will display a "See All" button in the top right if the Apphook page
is setup correctly.
Assign the Related Articles Apphook to a page, and set it's ID to: "related_articles".
If this is not done; the "See All" button will be disabled and will not appear.


============
Contributing
============

This is a community project. We love to get any feedback in the form of
`issues`_ and `pull requests`_. Before submitting your pull request, please
review our guidelines for `Aldryn addons`_.

.. _issues: https://github.com/aldryn/aldryn-newsblog/issues
.. _pull requests: https://github.com/aldryn/aldryn-newsblog/pulls
.. _Aldryn addons: http://docs.aldryn.com/en/latest/reference/addons/index.html


.. |PyPI Version| image:: http://img.shields.io/pypi/v/aldryn-newsblog.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/aldryn-newsblog
.. |Build Status| image:: http://img.shields.io/travis/aldryn/aldryn-newsblog/master.svg
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/aldryn/aldryn-newsblog
.. |Coverage Status| image:: http://img.shields.io/coveralls/aldryn/aldryn-newsblog/master.svg
   :target: https://coveralls.io/r/aldryn/aldryn-newsblog?branch=master
.. |codeclimate| image:: https://codeclimate.com/github/aldryn/aldryn-newsblog/badges/gpa.svg
   :target: https://codeclimate.com/github/aldryn/aldryn-newsblog
   :alt: Code Climate
.. |requires_io| image:: https://requires.io/github/aldryn/aldryn-newsblog/requirements.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://requires.io/github/aldryn/aldryn-newsblog/requirements/?branch=master
   :alt: Requirements Status
